hi guys this is thundery from bordeaux
were calm and welcome to our unboxing of
the Nvidia shield which is originally
called the project shield so the Nvidia
shield is in videos portable Android
handheld gaming device and it's powered
by a Tegra 4 processor quad-core Adreno
GPU 2 gigs ram 16 gigabytes of storage
expandable a whole lot of stuff in there
so this is supposed to be a powerful
machine for handle gaming retails for
349 and it's something you can
definitely pick up at your local micro
center or online through Nvidia Newegg
and a few other places so let's go ahead
and open this up now of course everybody
likes you use sleeves nowadays so it's
going ahead and up crack that open and
cut out all the tape we need so we can
make this a much speedier boxing open
this up behalf here we have aura shield
so take that side for a second
underneath that we have I'm sure this is
instructional info here we also have my
few USB cable to charge your shield as
well as also data transfer and we have a
portable charging power adapter nvidia
logo but needs to say you can use any
charger you want to because it's my
previous be in here so we have our
registration warranty and this looks
like a giant poster map of your shield 1
layouts gives you all that kind of fun
stuff and you know some stuff about the
store things like that so that's that's
pretty much that in terms of the
packaging so let's hose it this up and
set this aside
here's our field so should be able to
take this off and that should be a
shield force set aside so here's the
Nvidia shield it's got a 5-inch display
something to envision we could take a
look at that but pretty much it's built
like a controller it feels actually like
an Xbox controller with a portable
display on there says the shield on top
for this aluminum look on the top
plastic round nice grips for your hands
if we pan through the front it looks
like this is speaker grille it says a
video here top shield the bottom pretty
much nothing you can see other than the
it's part by Tegra 4 processor and I
have a back it's more for many of the
gaming set up you have your triggers
left and right triggers and you have
your shuttle buttons here on your left
or right shoulder button so you have all
the buttons you used to in standard
gaming now if you move up closer you can
see you've got micro HDMI to play out in
your display you've also got micro SD my
PSP charging and headphone and mic jack
so you can also do some you know
chatting while your gave me now you can
do HDMI over to your TV I can do
miracast which will show you in our
review you can do with a couple TVs to
do that so let's open up the shield
display and take a look and I move our
screen thingy here let's take that out
so what we have here is our button
layouts we have of course two joysticks
PS style two speakers in the front
you've got your d-pad you've got your
volume button your shield game hub
button your play pause button back home
Android buttons and of course here you
also have your XY ba buttons it feels
very comfortable nice and then we go
ahead and as well turn this on go
through and showed you some of the
sudden hit the a button here to get to
know your shield shows you the layout of
everything once your volume
buttons control volume mutes that kind
of thing you can still use the
touchscreen and kind of bring this whole
thing in for you get started press Y to
agree Android hit start skip Wi-Fi from
now skip anyway location services
current I'm just a GMT where the East
Coast
before skip that skip finish so our
shield setup and you can see let's check
out the version of Android we have here
on this bad boy
so between two settings you can see this
is one each stock Hanbridge so it's
actually willing to stock Android here
on the shield and then running Android
4.2.1 so it's running pretty much close
to the latest version of Android are you
looking for we have the home button in
terms of applications you give it and so
as you turn on the shield you set it up
we have sonic sonic 4 we have twitch so
you can share your gameplay it's
expendable shield help bad hold applause
now there's a shield hub which you can
actually use to set up your games where
your games would be and a game store so
you have shield games maybe so we have
Expendables and then we have sauna for
the games we have a sealed shield store
shares your games in the store I can go
through and you do have a selection of
games here which is pretty nice it's
actually a bunch of games in terms of in
comparison something like we are if you
will so at least there's that and then
we have PC games and we can go down here
looking for a GTX PC so basically we'll
show you how to set up steam PC gaming
with your shield and you can actually
play it over Wi-Fi so you don't have to
be in front of your PC so we'll see how
all that works and it goes all together
but we'll head back to the home screen
so it's a traditional Android feel no
word on capabilities of using voice I
don't think it has that but feels like a
controller feels like a gaming
controller that you can use I'm not the
biggest fan of the drastic seer I am
more of an Xbox gamer so I like it
actually where my d-pad is but that's
beside the point that's more of a
preference we'll take a look at it when
we talk about battery life is how long
it lasts all that fun stuff in our full
review but watch out this week we'll put
out videos for put out videos definitely
for gaming on the shield
steam on shield as well as the reviews
so this is Thunder ye saying thank you
and always enjoying entertainment
also guys don't forget to check out our
20000 youtube subscriber a giveaway
which we have currently going on right
now on the site basically we have the
link for the video just check it out
subscribe to the channel leave a comment
and your attitude we learn very cool
prizes and we'll give out prizes once we
hit a new thousand subscribers could be
a day it could be a week whichever time
it is but just go ahead leave a comment
tell your friends subscribe to the
channel and enter to win thanks